Add StrimziCon 2025 roundup blogpost (#506)
strimzi/strimzi.github.io: _posts/2025-06-12-strimzicon2025-roundup.md

##### Strimzi & OpenTelemetry: Building End-to-End Observability for Kafka on Kubernetes ([Recording][otel-pres]/[Slides][otel-slides])

_Speaker: Neel Shah @ Middleware.io_

OpenTelemetry lets you instrument, generate, collect, and export telemetry data.
This session explains how to use OpenTelemetry to instrument your Kafka applications and capture end-to-end tracing when using Strimzi.

##### When GitOps goes wrong, and other challenges for Strimzi platform teams ([Recording][gitops-pres]/[Slides][gitops-slides])

_Speaker: Björn Löfroth @ Irori AB_

Björn has been on Strimzi platform teams since 2019 and has plenty of ghost stories to share.
This session explored failure scenarios such as Kubernetes resources going missing and certificates failing to renew.
Björn gave specific advice for each scenario, as well as more general advice to protect against other similar problems.

##### Improving Kafka monitoring with native Prometheus Metrics Reporter ([Recording][metrics-pres]/[Slides][metrics-slides])

_Speakers: Owen Corrigan, Federico Valeri, Mickael Maison @ Red Hat_

Owen, Federico and Mickael are the main contributors behind the new Strimzi Metrics Reporter.

> In this session they explained why this new mechanism for collecting metrics is not only simpler, but also more performant, and showed a demo of it in action.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this session, they explained how the new mechanism for collecting metrics simplifies the process, improves performance, and demonstrated it in action.
```

Reviewer: _simpler_ implies comparison, which we might have to explain

##### Managing a Kafka cluster in KRaft mode with Strimzi ([Recording][kraft-pres]/[Slides][kraft-slides])

_Speaker: Gantigmaa Selenge @ Red Hat_

> From version 0.46.0 onwards KRaft is the only supported option for metadata management in a Strimzi cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From version 0.46.0 onward, KRaft is the only supported option for metadata management in a Strimzi cluster.
```

Tina explained what KRaft mode is, how to deploy a KRaft cluster with Strimzi and how to migrate your existing clusters.
The session also included some tips for running a KRaft cluster in production.

##### Become a Local Development Jedi with Strimzi and KIND ([Recording][localdev-pres]/[Slides][localdev-slides])

_Speaker: Colt McNealy @ LittleHorse_

While many developers are familiar with running Strimzi locally, it can be challenging to get locally built containers and ingress to work smoothly.

> In this session Colt explored an architecture for running a Kafka and Connect cluster on KIND, with an ingress listener and a custom connector.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this session, Colt explored an architecture for running a Kafka and Connect cluster on KIND, using an ingress listener and a custom connector.
```
